A static variable is a variable that
belongs to the whole class and not just to an individual object of the class.
So without static pi here belongs to an object of class sphere.
So every time we create a new object for class sphere,
that object gets its own value of Pi.
That's fine because Pi is declared as a constant.
It's initialized to 3.14159 which
is approximately the right value and then it can never be changed.
But it's not really necessary for each object of class sphere to have its own copy of Pi.
You could imagine just having one copy of Pi for the whole class.
As long as nobody can change that value of Pi to something invalid
then every object of class sphere can use the same value of Pi.
So we might declare this static.
An interesting thing if we declare it static is that if we can pile it,
we'll see that this doesn't actually work.
We're told that instead of a const we need to make this a const expression
which means that it will be evaluated at compile time instead of runtime.
Now if we compile everything works.
This gets the tricky interaction between three keywords,
static, const expression, and const.
One of the purposes of the exercise here is to
experiment with static and const and const expression and with
declaring a variable inside of the class and then initializing it outside of
the class and figuring out what works and what doesn't
and trying to build up some intuition for what the rules are and why.
Here we're going to have to name sphere the variable.
So now we can see that it works.
So if you spend a little time trying different permutations of
static and const and const expression and
no const or const expression and just seeing what works and what doesn't.
It's a bit of an interesting and instructive exercise.